you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey there its Lucky
Penny shop and it's iron man 2 how cool
is that
whiplash showdown from Mega Bloks so we
get to figures in there it's for six
plus one hundred seventy two pieces
motorized action look can you see the
motorized action here that's good right
there no glare and you can see the
motorized action now regard to the back
totally metallic very hard to show you
because everything reflects but we're
getting the mark five and whiplash so
let's just open it maybe that's better
not put together yet look at some of the
pieces and thinking we were gonna start
this but in the process of doing that we
figured out we will build it but there's
just a lot of pieces gonna take us some
time so I wanted to show you the kit
before we started and look at the
instruction book nice and thick
the two figures are in here too let's
see where are they oh there they are
see so we have those guys who hit the
camera sorry I will fight you and have a
showdown it is okay I will kill you and
you will kill me and we'll both be dead
alright well there you go so there's a
bag there bag there looks like this was
a bag that with open sole verify all the
pieces and we'll put this together let
me first get the box on the way cuz it
kind of covers all the cool colors out
of the figures up we don't want to cover
up that cool look to the two vehicles
alright so what do we have this is the
Ironman to set its the whiplash showdown
now double sets of instructions here
because you got to put both vehicles
together so I think you guys all know
about that angles you know some you gals
are in the building this stuff so those
are the two vehicles pretty basic
instructions not much more to it than
they have just follow them see there
they are
alright so let's take a look at the pull
back car because that's a neat feature
now we didn't put on the final decals
yet we thought alright let's just wait
make sure everything's just right so
here's the car it's a pull back so I'm
pulling back and I'm letting go if you
notice there's like gold flakes in the
paint job well you know molding into the
plastic in the red and all the gold
pieces so that's really neat to see kind
of a cool effect in the light so let me
do the pull back show you one more time
okay and here's our Iron Man figure so
he does fit in the cockpit you kind of
have to you know take the cockpit off to
get him in there and put that back in
place neat all right so the one in the
back here now this one's I would say
extremely unstable on the ball joints
their word rotates but he sits in the
cockpit so I'm gonna hold on it there's
a launcher on this leg so you can
actually shoot this missile see now
these are kind of like a rubbery blue so
that's neat and they're translucent so
you can see through now overall this
one's pretty neat let me angle this up
just a little the cockpit does go up and
down so he can come out these back wings
do fold up too so they go up and down
it's very hard to keep this one stable
it seems like this joint here and this
joint here make it difficult to do but
once you get the balance right then
it'll stay like that
as far as playtime it'd be pretty hard
to keep it going like that without it
knocking over because one little it and
it falls over you lose a couple pieces
so let's ignore that let's just have fun
with what we got so that's it pretty
cool set yeah I'm glad you stuck around
click through the other video let me
show you this guy up close was to
whiplashes and then check that up
pretty neat again thanks for watching we
do appreciate it subscribe to the
channel leave a comment below
it's Lucky Penny shop later thanks for
watching our video